Update contributor_communication_SOP.md (#728)
ebi-ait/hca-ebi-wrangler-central: docs/SOPs/contributor_communication_SOP.md

> 
> 1 Register as part of the HCA by filling the following form: https://www.humancellatlas.org/register (if you haven’t already)
> 
> 2 Please fill out the dataset questionnaire (https://forms.gle/HWADhk3Z6hUEbvVh8). The questionnaire asks for information about your experiments. This will help us create a tailor spreadsheet for you to fill out about your project.

> >
> > Please be aware that as per GDPR guidelines, we are not able to directly wrangle any metadata or data originating from living donors. If your project > contains metadata or data originating from living donors, please do not send us that information. 
> >
> > After filling both forms, we will contact you with the next steps to continue the submission of your metadata collection and data.

Reviewer: I'd swap these 2 lines around
```suggestion
>
> Please be aware that as per GDPR guidelines, we are not able to directly wrangle any metadata or data originating from living donors. If your project contains metadata or data originating from living donors, please refrain from sending us that information. 
>
> After filling both forms, we will contact you with the next steps to continue the submission of your metadata collection and data.
```

Also corrected a small typo (a `>` in the middle) and rephrased a bit the "please do not send us that information" to "Please refrain from sending us that information"

Author: Thanks for catching that typo - formatting errors! Also I like the eloquence. Making changes and merging.
